<span class="c4">E10 Reflect on JavaScript 1</span></p><p class="c1 c3"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So far, JavaScript has been a pretty interesting experience thus far. While I am a complete beginner to this language, there are many familiar coding practices such as loops, while, recursion, etc. Layouts for the functions also seem to remind me of more C and C++ over Java itself. I don&rsquo;t know if it was this but I feel like JavaScript and C Programming feel less, clunky and crowded. But the latter could have been just due to my inexperience with the language since I was starting from square one. In connection with ES6 however, I learned quite a bit about Arrow functions Object Literal declarations, and more. Being able to pass arguments and define objects without the need to repeat is something useful. But I know that&rsquo;ll take me a while how to implement them by myself as I am now aware of a lot of the stuff introduced, but figuring out when to apply them is the difficult part. But like how other programs work, there is that sense of familiar content that can be transferred over to help gain a much stronger head start!</span></p><p class="c1 c3"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">As far as this language&rsquo;s familiarity, I feel like JavaScript can continue to go a long way despite the amount of quirks and aging programming. It is something many programmers can recognize and continue to grow from whether they are a beginner or advanced thanks to a fairly smooth learning curve with time. Overall, I feel like JavaScript is a good programming language and will continue to be a program in demand for a long time until we completely renovate how software engineering works. </span></p><p class="c1 c3"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">As we as beginners continue to carry on the new information we learned from previous successors, our class practices are known as, Athletic Software Engineering, while I don&rsquo;t like them as a grading tool, they go through a quick time event which helps us because deadlines help inflict the stress needed because they are extremely important in computer science. Being able to discuss these topics afterward can help us also see why these programs can be built a certain way through the view of multiple perspectives. </span></p></body></html>
